   Red Potatoes- I do a bag- half a bag depending on the amount of humans consuming.
   Parsnips- one package is plenty.
   Heavy cream- the small one
   Garlic- one head
   parmesan cheese- the bagged and shredded kind is fine, you don't have to get fancy
   Butter- like half a stick- 1 stick depending on how much you make. 

Peel the parsnips and chop them into medium chunks. The red potatoes don't need to be peeled, but if you use any other kind, they do need to be peeled. Try to cut them all roughly the same size. Put them in a large pot and cover with water. Add a hefty pinch of salt, not as much as pasta water, but the potatoes will be under seasoned if you don't salt the water pretty well- try about a heaping tablespoon. Boil until soft. 
While the potatoes and parsnips are cooking, peel half a head of garlic. Place the peeled cloves in a medium size piece of aluminum foil and make it into a little packet. add about 3 tbsp of olive oil. Bake the lil foil packet at 400 degrees for about 25-30 minutes, until the cloves are golden brown and melty. I know you've see me do this, you're roasting delicious garlic- you can do this a day or even a week in advance, BTW.

When the carbs are soft to the fork touch, drain them. add them back to the pot, and add a half a stick of butter while they are still super hot. Begin the smashing process, and get all the latent rage out. Add the heavy cream- about a 1/2 cup for 1/2 a bag of potatoes, a cup for a bag. smash more. Add the delicious roasted garlic- smash more. Salt liberally, to taste, and a healthy amount of black pepper. Smash more. Add the Parmesan, I just add the whole bag every time cause cheese. If the starch is too stiff, add a lil more cream, until you hit your desired consistency. Taste! 
If you wanna be lame and not roast the delicious garlic, you can do about a teaspoon of garlic powder, but it really cuts down on the flavor- also it's like barely any extra work to roast the garlic, especially if you have a human assistant. 

